another video review and this I'm going
to be taking a look at the Futurama
Calculon figure with the exclusive Santa
robot built a bob part as you can see
you've got the pet package here with the
nice robot devil here on the side
Calculon on the back the crazy goofy
Zapp Branigan picture which I love you
see the other figures in the wave as
well comes with the legs for the robot
Santa come around here to the back and
tilt upwards and of course we see there
John is the most magnificent acting
robot ever programmed her so is
programmed to act as if he is and act as
if he is he does whatever magnificently
and act as if he is he does
magnificently he is the star of the 31st
century's most popular robots soap opera
all my circuits in which he plays a
robot named Calculon he's appeared in
numerous feature films including his
oscar-nominated role in the Magnificent
3 a frequent guest of humour bot 5.0 is
late-night with humor bot 5.0 Koechlin
has been leaked romantically and
mechanically with his co-star Monique he
is a former president of the League of
robots in the original where car and an
on-again off-again Starkie victim of the
big of his biggest fan bender whom he
almost married while passing as a fembot
named collect sure also he apparently
has a deal with the devil that makes him
this really big acting guru and in order
to give back to the devil for allowing
him to become this wonderful actor he
had to give up one of his ears or his
ears in order for all Leela to be able
to do whole deal with the devil thing
but that's the packaging nothing too
spectacular it is nice I like all the
cartoon look on it so let's get him open
see what we have okay so here we have
Calculon open up and out of its
packaging you know I mean it's it's
Calculon he's a minor character but it's
nice to have one I said
the the the colouring on his eyes and
his mouth is really kind of cool I don't
know if you can tell but it's kind of
like a yellowish green I suppose and I
really liked how his antennae are
off-center they're not very you know
ones going outward ones going more up
pretty nice um in terms of articulation
in his head will rotate all the way
around it doesn't remove or anything his
arms rotate at the shoulder and they
rotate at the wrist and that's about it
he also rotates at the waist and there's
no lenger articulation you kind of have
to spread his legs though a little bit
to get him to actually want to stand
otherwise he wants to topple over I
don't know if he can kind of see that
but his feet don't I'm gonna zoom in
here his feet don't seem to like stayin
on the ground entirely so that's kind of
a disappointment but overall it's not
too bad now he does come with the legs
for the Santa robot um doesn't say right
or left on them a little bit of grease
on there so let's bring him in here's
what we have for the Santa bot so far
said Calculon here in the back and you
just plug these in and so far so good
we're getting the Santa robot kind of
built all we need are all we need is his
arm in his head and we'll have the the
Santa bot done so that's kind of cool
then we like I said my knees these are
very kind of loose ish and they don't
plug in very well but it's overall not
too bad so we'll get to that later in
terms of calcula you know I mean like I
said with my and that's gonna fall over
I can tell um like I said with the king
bender review it's a minor character and
it's I wouldn't recommend it too
terribly much unless you really want to
get the Santa robot otherwise you could
probably pass on him he appears more
obviously in the show then king bender
did but it's overall still you know yeah
I'm kind of me about this figure but I
do like Calculon I think he's a fun
character on the show but it's almost
like they're you know the toy company -
I know me is kind of reaching for
figures right now they got a lot that
they can use and I think that
just trying to burn through him for the
most part but overall there's Calculon
until next time this is Optimus